README.md, before:

# <Note Ninja>

## Description

Visually appealing organizer where you can create flashcards, keep all of your notes in one place, and utilize a study timer with optional subject generator.

Our motivation was to help others study by creating a site that is easily accessed, everything to help with studing on one site. Keeps notes and flashcards where you can go back and continue to study the same subject matter or different subjects.

- What did you learn? -->

<!-- ## Table of Contents

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license) -->

## Installation

<!-- What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running. -->

## Usage

<!-- Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ``` -->

## Credits

Collaborators:
Mathew Lopez, GitHub: https://github.com/duzinhoml
Ashley Hayes, GitHub: https://github.com/ashleymh060504
Milushka Pujol-Ellis, GitHub: https://github.com/Milu305
Angela Guilmain, GitHub: https://github.com/aguilm
Jennifer Buehrle, GitHub: https://github.com/Jenn1313

<!-- If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well. -->

## License

<!-- The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/). -->

Commit message:

user acceptance criteria and icon

README.md, after:

# <Note Ninja>

## Description

Visually appealing organizer where you can create flashcards, keep all of your notes in one place, and utilize a study timer with optional subject generator.

Our motivation was to help others study by creating a site that is easily accessed, everything to help with studing on one site. Keeps notes and flashcards where you can go back and continue to study the same subject matter or different subjects.

- What did you learn? -->

## User Story 

As a student, I want access to a study page so that I can use interactive study tools to better organize my notes and study time 

## Acceptance Criteria 

Given the user navigates to the study page
When the user selects the notes section
Then the system permits the user to enter subject and content and save their notes

Given the user wants to do a timed study session 
When the user selects the timer button 
Then the system allows the user to start a study timer of 25 minutes with the possibility of short and long breaks 

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

N/A

## Credits

Collaborators:
Mathew Lopez, GitHub: https://github.com/duzinhoml
Ashley Hayes, GitHub: https://github.com/ashleymh060504
Milushka Pujol-Ellis, GitHub: https://github.com/Milu305
Angela Guilmain, GitHub: https://github.com/aguilm
Jennifer Buehrle, GitHub: https://github.com/Jenn1313

## License

N/A
